README.md, before:

## Flashcard App

📝 `NOTE:` Paste the README templates for each subsequent lab here at the top, (i.e. lab 2, 3, 4). This will show a history of your development process including which users stories you completed and how your app looked and functioned at each step.
## Lab 3

### App Description
Users can create multiples cards, save them, and advance through all saved cards.

### App Walk-though

<img src="https://github.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/blob/master/Demos/Flashcard3Required.gif" width=200><br>
<img src="https://github.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/blob/master/Demos/Flashcard3Required.gif" width=200><br>

## Required
- [x] User can create a card and still see their created card when the app is relaunched.
- [x] User can create multiple cards and browse through all created cards

## Optional
- [x] User can delete a card and no longer see it in their deck anymore
- [x] Flashcards are shown in random order instead of the order they were created in
- [ ] User can edit a card and see the edit saved when they browse through their deck of cards
- [x] User can create flashcards with multiple answers and be able to browse through cards with multiple choice answers shown


## Lab 2

### App Description
Flashcard App. Shows user a question and can click card to reaveal answer. Multiple answer choices are also available for the user to test their knowledge. Users can also create new flashcards.

### App Walk-though

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/master/Demos/Flashcard2Optional.gif" width=200><br>

`TODO://` In the User stories section below, add an `x` between the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (☝️ Remove this paragraph after after checking off user stories)

## Required
- [x] User can click on a ‘+’ button that takes the user to new ‘Add Card Screen’
- [x] The 'Add Card Screen' has a cancel button to take the user back to the main screen
- [x] User can enter and submit a Question and Answer through the 'Add Card Screen'
- [x] User will see the card they just created on the main screen when they press the 'Save Button'
- [x] Push your progress to GitHub!

## Optional
- [x] User can edit a card
- [x] An error message is shown if the user doesn't enter both a Question and an Answer
- [x] A notification is shown if the card was created successfully
- [x] User can also enter multiple choice answers when creating a card
- [x] App is further styled and customized!

## Lab 1

### App Description
Flashcard App. Shows user a question and allows them to click text to reveal answer.

### App Walk-though
Required:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/master/Demos/Flashcard1Required.gif" width=200><br>

Optional:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/master/Demos/Flashcard1Optional.gif" width=200><br>
## Required
- [x] Create New Project in Android Studio
- [x] Add a view for the front side of the flashcard to display the question
- [x] Add a view for the back side of the flashcard to display the answer
- [x] Build in logic to show the answer side when the card is tapped
- [x] Push code to GitHu
## Optional
- [x] toggle the flashcard between the question side and the answer side
- [x] Style the question and answer side of the card to better distinguish between the two sides
- [x] Add selectable multiple choice answers beneath the card
   - [x] Change the background color of the multiple choice answers when clicked to indicate whether the question waanswered correctly
- [x] Further customize and style the card

Commit message:

added transition for add card, reveal answer, and show next

README.md, after:

## Flashcard App
## Lab 4

### App Description
`TODO://` Add app description

### App Walk-though
`TODO://` Add the URL to your animated app walk-though `gif` in the image tag below. Make sure the gif actually renders and animates when viewing this README. (☝️ Remove this paragraph after after adding gif)

<img src="YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE" width=200><br>

`TODO://` In the User stories section below, add an `x` between the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (☝️ Remove this paragraph after after checking off user stories)

## Required
- [ ] User sees a transition animation when going from the main screen to the add card screen.
- [ ] User sees a reveal animation when the flashcard is tapped and the answer is shown
- [ ] User sees flashcards animating in / out when the 'next' button is tapped

## Optional
- [ ] Extra styling is added!
- [ ] User sees a countdown timer for each question
- [ ] User sees a 'card flip' animation when the card is tapped
- [ ] User sees a celebration animation with confetti when they answer a question correctly## Lab 3

### App Description
Users can create multiples cards, save them, and advance through all saved cards.

### App Walk-though

<img src="https://github.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/blob/master/Demos/Flashcard3Required.gif" width=200><br>
<img src="https://github.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/blob/master/Demos/Flashcard3Required.gif" width=200><br>

## Required
- [x] User can create a card and still see their created card when the app is relaunched.
- [x] User can create multiple cards and browse through all created cards

## Optional
- [x] User can delete a card and no longer see it in their deck anymore
- [x] Flashcards are shown in random order instead of the order they were created in
- [ ] User can edit a card and see the edit saved when they browse through their deck of cards
- [x] User can create flashcards with multiple answers and be able to browse through cards with multiple choice answers shown


## Lab 2

### App Description
Flashcard App. Shows user a question and can click card to reaveal answer. Multiple answer choices are also available for the user to test their knowledge. Users can also create new flashcards.

### App Walk-though

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/master/Demos/Flashcard2Optional.gif" width=200><br>

`TODO://` In the User stories section below, add an `x` between the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (☝️ Remove this paragraph after after checking off user stories)

## Required
- [x] User can click on a ‘+’ button that takes the user to new ‘Add Card Screen’
- [x] The 'Add Card Screen' has a cancel button to take the user back to the main screen
- [x] User can enter and submit a Question and Answer through the 'Add Card Screen'
- [x] User will see the card they just created on the main screen when they press the 'Save Button'
- [x] Push your progress to GitHub!

## Optional
- [x] User can edit a card
- [x] An error message is shown if the user doesn't enter both a Question and an Answer
- [x] A notification is shown if the card was created successfully
- [x] User can also enter multiple choice answers when creating a card
- [x] App is further styled and customized!

## Lab 1

### App Description
Flashcard App. Shows user a question and allows them to click text to reveal answer.

### App Walk-though
Required:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/master/Demos/Flashcard1Required.gif" width=200><br>

Optional:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jry2112/CodePathFlashcardApp/master/Demos/Flashcard1Optional.gif" width=200><br>
## Required
- [x] Create New Project in Android Studio
- [x] Add a view for the front side of the flashcard to display the question
- [x] Add a view for the back side of the flashcard to display the answer
- [x] Build in logic to show the answer side when the card is tapped
- [x] Push code to GitHu
## Optional
- [x] toggle the flashcard between the question side and the answer side
- [x] Style the question and answer side of the card to better distinguish between the two sides
- [x] Add selectable multiple choice answers beneath the card
   - [x] Change the background color of the multiple choice answers when clicked to indicate whether the question waanswered correctly
- [x] Further customize and style the card
